add entrypoint script (#70)
pluswerk/php-dev: README.md

    volumes:
      - .:/app

>       - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro # this is optional if no node container is needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the docker socket is optional if no node container is needed
      - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
```
